README.md, before:

# py3nj

![travis](https://travis-ci.org/fujiisoup/py3nj.svg?branch=master)

A small python library to calcluate wigner's 3j-, 6j- and 9j- symbols.
`py3nj` is designed to be compatible with numpy's np.ndarray and
its calculation is vectorized automatically.

## Basic Usage

The basic interfaces are `py3nj.wigner3j`, `py3nj.wigner6j`,
`py3nj.wigner9j`, and `py3nj.clebsch_gordan`.

```python
>>> # Calculate (0/2, 1/2, 1/2,
... #           (0/2, 1/2,-1/2)
... # Note that all the arguments should be doubled
... py3nj.wigner3j(0, 1, 1,
...                0, 1,-1)
0.7071067811865476

>>> # vectorization is supported
... py3nj.wigner3j([0, 2], [1, 0], [ 1, 0],
...                [0, 0], [1, 0], [-1, 0])
array([0.70710678, 0.        ])

>>> # 6J symbol
>>> py3nj.wigner6j([2, 1], [1, 2], [1, 1],
...                [1, 2], [2, 1], [0, 0])
array([0.40824829, 0.40824829])

>>> # 9J symbol
>>> py3nj.wigner9j([2, 2], [4, 4], [2, 2],
...                [2, 4], [2, 6], [2, 2],
...                [2, 2], [2, 4], [2, 2])
array([0.05555556, 0.03651484])

>>> Clebsch Gordanh coefficient
>>> py3nj.clebsch_gordan(2, 2, 4,
...                      2, 0, 2)
0.7071067811865475

>>> # Vectorized calcluation of C.G. coef
... py3nj.clebsch_gordan([2, 1], [2, 1], [4, 0],
...                      [2,-1], [0, 1], [2, 0])
array([ 0.70710678, -0.70710678])
```

## Install

`py3nj` can be installed through either `pip` or github repository.

### Install by pip
```
pip install py3nj
```

### Install through github

```
git clone https://github.com/fujiisoup/py3nj
cd py3nj
pip install .
```

## Acknowledgement

py3nj wraps [slatec](http://www.netlib.org/slatec/) fortran implementation.
See http://www.netlib.org/slatec/ for the details.

## License

Copyright 2018, py3nj Developers

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Ci for windows and macos (#27)
* ci_windows

* adding path

* using conda-incubator

* Added CONDA_ENV_FILE

* using shell...?

* Using mamba

* using correct yml

* a

* b

* c

* d

* e

* ignore macos

* ignore windows and macos. Adding more python

* duplicate  python versions

* c

* For PR

* Setting fail-fast false

* Install compilers and openmp in the conda environments

* Remove --no-deps flag

* Fix ci (#28)

* Install compilers and openmp in the conda environments

* Remove --no-deps flag

---------

Co-authored-by: Kale Kundert <kale@thekunderts.net>

* Don't specify a bash shell

* Add a custom windows workflow

* Enable tmate session

* Enable tmate session

* Explicitly request powershell

* Prepare the MSVC development environment

* Add separate workflows for each OS

* Upgrade pip

* Use python 3

* Consolidate into one workflow

* disable fail-fast behavior

* Python 3.7 is EOL

* Try preparing a MSVC dev environment again

* Enable tmate session

* Ugly workaround to add dlls

* subprocess.run instead of check_output

* Static linking

* Use long floats

* Is '-lquadmath' necessary?

* Is '-mlong-double-64' necessary?

* Is 'cd ..' necessary?

* Remove unused CI files

* Require python>=3.8

* Is MSVC necessary?

* Mention the ninja build dependency

* Remove DLL search path munging

---------

Co-authored-by: Kale Kundert <kale@thekunderts.net>

README.md, after:

# py3nj

![travis](https://travis-ci.org/fujiisoup/py3nj.svg?branch=master)

A small python library to calcluate wigner's 3j-, 6j- and 9j- symbols.
`py3nj` is designed to be compatible with numpy's np.ndarray and
its calculation is vectorized automatically.

## Basic Usage

The basic interfaces are `py3nj.wigner3j`, `py3nj.wigner6j`,
`py3nj.wigner9j`, and `py3nj.clebsch_gordan`.

```python
>>> # Calculate (0/2, 1/2, 1/2,
... #           (0/2, 1/2,-1/2)
... # Note that all the arguments should be doubled
... py3nj.wigner3j(0, 1, 1,
...                0, 1,-1)
0.7071067811865476

>>> # vectorization is supported
... py3nj.wigner3j([0, 2], [1, 0], [ 1, 0],
...                [0, 0], [1, 0], [-1, 0])
array([0.70710678, 0.        ])

>>> # 6J symbol
>>> py3nj.wigner6j([2, 1], [1, 2], [1, 1],
...                [1, 2], [2, 1], [0, 0])
array([0.40824829, 0.40824829])

>>> # 9J symbol
>>> py3nj.wigner9j([2, 2], [4, 4], [2, 2],
...                [2, 4], [2, 6], [2, 2],
...                [2, 2], [2, 4], [2, 2])
array([0.05555556, 0.03651484])

>>> Clebsch Gordanh coefficient
>>> py3nj.clebsch_gordan(2, 2, 4,
...                      2, 0, 2)
0.7071067811865475

>>> # Vectorized calcluation of C.G. coef
... py3nj.clebsch_gordan([2, 1], [2, 1], [4, 0],
...                      [2,-1], [0, 1], [2, 0])
array([ 0.70710678, -0.70710678])
```

## Install

`py3nj` can be installed through either `pip` or github repository.  You'll 
likely need to have [ninja](https://ninja-build.org/) installed.

### Install by pip
```
pip install py3nj
```

### Install through github

```
git clone https://github.com/fujiisoup/py3nj
cd py3nj
pip install .
```

## Acknowledgement

py3nj wraps [slatec](http://www.netlib.org/slatec/) fortran implementation.
See http://www.netlib.org/slatec/ for the details.

## License

Copyright 2018, py3nj Developers

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
